feature: add what contributors have done on API Platform (#16)
eufossa/symfony-hackathon-2019: achievements/api-platform.md

# API Platform Project achievements

> This weekend we were multiple contributors to API Platform, some of the core team were here too to help in the hackathon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This weekend we were multiple API Platform contributors, some of the core team were here too to help in the hackathon.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest:
During the hackathon, multiple API Platform contributors were present, some of theme being core team members and available to help others.

> When it comes to **API Platform** we just merge 20 PR, 10 new opened PR, 87 closed issues and 4 news. Lots of word being done from the old and the new contributors, big kudos !!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it comes to **API Platform** we *merged 20 PR, opened 10 new PR, closed 87 issues and opened 4 new*. Lots of work being done from the contributors, big kudos !!
```

> Since 2 years from now, API Platform supports subresources, this features does give access to include relation in the relation, this feature is used a lot and is very interesting, but since it's has alot of complexity and limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 2 years from now, API Platform supports subresources, this features allows to access a relation from another, this feature is used a lot and is very interesting, but since it's has a lot of complexity and is limited.
```

Reviewer 2: Please fix "since it's has a lot of complexity and is limited"

Reviewer 2: also "this feature" (singular)
then "it is used a lot" (avoid repeating same word)

With the help of @vincentchalamon, @soyuka & @torreytsui, we made some research on how to improve the subresources. How to reduce the complexity of the implementation, the management of collection is very important for us.

Thanks to @jewome62, it's now possible to populate an object recursively with the serializer, to normalize a DateTimeZone object, and to get an instanciated object from an associative array of values.

@soyuka did a lot to close stale issues, along with @vincentchalamon.

> @gregoirehebert fixed the fact the cache was still purged even if there was no get operation on an ApiResource. and bring you a way to switch version for the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@gregoirehebert fixed the fact the cache was still purged even if there was no get operation on an ApiResource, and brings you a way to switch version for the documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: `get` maybe ?
"brings you a way to switch version for the documentation" needs some explanation I think.

@Deuchnord for his part worked on the client generator, you'll be able soon to use mercure on the vuejs generated client.

@alanpoulain worked on multiple things about graphQL, documentation and mongodb, and the event system of API Platform:
 	
 	- Relay Input Object Mutations Specification was not fully respected: https://facebook.github.io/relay/graphql/mutations.htm#sec-Mutation-inputs.
    - Input messenger was not tested with MongoDB.
    - Improve the contributing documentation.
    - Issue when 2.4 has been merged.
    - Internal events see https://github.com/api-platform/core/pull/2506
    
    

> @jfthuillier Worked on the documentation on how to override function in the admin. He also started a poc how to use the guesser from react-admin in API Platform Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@jfthuillier Worked on the documentation on how to override a function in the admin. He also started a POC about how to use the guesser from react-admin in API Platform Admin.
```

@antograssiot did work on multiple feature and fixtures: 
    
    Apply DenyAccessListener before deserialization
    Be more intelligent in determining property writable/readable link. 
    Adding behat tests

>     WIP - Makes url generation strategy default Added an additional test for strict types validationvalue configurable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Makes url generation strategy default 
    Added an additional test for strict types validation value configurable
```

Reviewer 2: "Make URL generation strategy the default one" ?
Add an additional ...

> same for @toflar he did works on his own big fixtures, like some hard dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@toflar did work on his own big fixtures, like some hard dependencies
```

   
    Added an additional test for strict types validation
    Removed hard dependencies on doctrine odm to run the tests

>     [WIP] General batch endpoint 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Worked on a proposition for a general batch endpoint 
```

    Added support for pagination parameters in subresource docs
    
@Nek did work on features and bugfixes:

    Ignore property that does not exist for interfaces (identifiers for interfaces)
    Fix error message in identifiers extractor 
    Resource resolver for inheritance
    

> @soyuka did finish something @simperfit started improving ids management.        

Reviewer: lol something; maybe be more precise in this?
